welcome to negativity brand new max of
surface aight RT tablets so this is the
hour m version there will be a pro
version coming out in january and as you
can see we have a 10-point h a 10.6 inch
em HD display which is quite beautiful
we have a camera on top which is HD of
course enters also here a little sensor
that knows when i have my finger over
this place should turn off after a few
seconds i guess because it thinks it's
too dark and we have on the bottom of
course here and home button so if you
open up a program you can always go back
here to the home screen but let's check
out the hardware first so we have on the
left side here only a volume rocker a
headphone port and there is I think a
speaker high right there then on the top
there's two more speakers or maybe even
a microphone in here and down an off
switch if you hold the on switch for
five seconds the device will turn off it
will not ask you anything like an
Android and is the most important side
we have micro HDMI USB and also here the
dock for charging and if you open up
here the back the kickstand we will see
that we have actually behind the
kickstand microSD slot so you can use
micro sd's up to 32 gigs I don't know if
you can see it clearly but there should
be a microSD can sting not for an
enduring vision and I'm yet to hear an
alternative
so there's a microSD slot and is this 32
gig version but you can also buy 64 gear
you can close it up and it has a pretty
nice sound and on the bottom you have
here the docking connector for the
keyboard which we will of course connect
in a second end on the back there's
actually also webcam and which doesnt
have a flashlight but that's not
important then we have here the windows
logo on the button and let's take a
keyboard for example the white one
there's different cards available and
you can just put it on here its magnetic
and then you can start typing here and
start searching for different programs
it's actually put it down like this open
up to click stand and then you can start
typing won't feel anything on the
keyboard except for of course the
different and spaces but you can start
typing and it works quite nice double
tapping and wo brings you word by the
way and then you can start using word
for example we have a nice track that
here in the bottom so you can even use
the old mouse if you don't want to touch
the screen while you use it in office
mode and you have also here left and
right mouse button on the bottom corner
so you can see you can use it like a
netbook but this cover is quite slim and
light it's only a few millimeters thick
and it doesn't need too much extra power
either which is of course quite nice you
can close it up and then we have it on
the go pretty nicely with you this is
the white version as I said there's more
versions available and from the outside
it feels also quite great if you open it
up the display will turn on right away
again let me open up the kickstand also
and let's check out the windows so if I
hit the windows button again you can see
we have here and there start screen and
you can switch between programs if you
go here from the side also always here
in the screen and if you just do this go
back and forth you can see what
different apps you have opened here on
this side and otherwise if you are just
an opening here if you are in one app
you can close it if you go all the way
from the top to the bottom it will
completely closed it and and you don't
need the X button anymore like before if
you go from the rights from the right
side we will see that we have the charms
menu which gives you a few options for
searching and you can go right away to
the settings for example and you can set
your Wi-Fi settings right there and then
of course in Windows RT in the four and
office 2013 programs that you can see
here there's no outlook but Word Excel
PowerPoint and OneNote that should be I
think enough for most of the users and
you can and set of course and every
program here let's go back to the menu
you can set and space of the programs if
you just flick it a little bit to the
top you'll see that there is a little
check and then we have on the M bottom
corner a few options for deleting it
from the start menu for example and you
can also make it bigger and you can of
course move it around also if you just
hold it a little bit longer and then you
can bring it anywhere and you have here
also a little space that tells you which
screen you have so we have three screens
right now and you can see actually the
different screens right here that you
can of course edit also if you go into
the zoom mode and and there this is the
first impression here of the windows
surface tablet RT version taking off the
cover is not that easy so it's quite a
strong magnet and there's also do a
different cover here available which
gives you real keys if you prefer that
you can use a real keyboard also for
typing which is also quite nice if you
are used to netbooks for example this is
really great keyboard and before we
finish this first hands-on video let's
actually compare it with
apple ipad which is not the same size as
you can see here there's quite a size
difference and especially since thats a
9.7 inch screen and this is a 10.6 inch
screen and let's go back to the home
screens on both and let's check out how
fast they rotate then you can see here
that actually the windows RT tablet with
10 hours of battery life is also quite
fast and the specs are also about the
same and if you put them on each other
you can see that in terms of thickness
they are actually about the same also
but the windows tablet gives you more
options in terms of USB port micro SD
card reader and so on so that's I think
way better tablet then the Apple iPad in
it costs the same so this was the
windows and eight surface RT tablet my
name is polish girlfriend level to be
thank you much watching tengas time
please tune in again and yeah just
wasn't able to be